Faith-Trails update — September 25, 2026

Changed files:
  app.py
  narration_utils.py
  story_variants.py (new)
  story_middle_variants.py (new)
  static/js/game.js
  static/css/style.css

Quest navigation:
  Trail Map, Back, and Continue are arranged across the bottom of story scenes.
  Back is disabled on the first scene. A player can go back through story,
  questions, and activities during the current quest run. Completed questions,
  activities, and the verse show a completed review screen on return, with a
  Continue button; they do not need to be repeated. The progress bar shows the
  farthest point reached. Leaving and reopening the quest starts a fresh run;
  earned badges already saved in the database remain saved. A partially
  completed activity is restarted if the player leaves that activity.

Difficulty:
  The old button-like difficulty badge has been removed from quest scenes.
  A plain-text label now appears above the controls.

Stories:
  All 25 quests keep their original Easy story. Medium and Hard now have distinct wording on every story panel across
  all 25 quests. Images, questions, verses, and activity order are unchanged.
  story_variants.py contains the openings and endings;
  story_middle_variants.py contains the panels between them.

Before testing the new wording with recorded narration:
  Generate the new ElevenLabs MP3s with the appropriate voice IDs and your
  ELEVENLABS_API_KEY set, from the project's root directory:
      python generate_narration.py
  New story text has new audio filenames. Until its MP3 exists, the app falls
  back to the device voice for that panel. Do not ship this update as a final
  voiced Android build until the new recordings are present and reviewed.

Deployment:
  Copy the changed files to the same relative paths in your existing project.
  Do not replace your existing faith_trails.db; that database contains saved
  player profiles and badge progress. The full asset collection is not needed
  for this update.
